2xx SUCCESS
207 MULTI-STATUS

A Multi-Status response conveys information about multiple resources in
situations where multiple status codes might be appropriate.

The default Multi-Status response body is a text/xml or application/xml HTTP
entity with a 'multistatus' root element. Further elements contain 200, 300,
400, and 500 series status codes generated during the method invocation. 100
series status codes SHOULD NOT be recorded in a 'response' XML element.

Although '207' is used as the overall response status code, the recipient needs
to consult the contents of the multistatus response body for further information
about the success or failure of the method execution. The response MAY be used
in success, partial success and also in failure situations.

The 'multistatus' root element holds zero or more 'response' elements in any
order, each with information about an individual resource. Each 'response'
element MUST have an 'href' element to identify the resource.

A Multi-Status response uses one out of two distinct formats for representing
the status:

1. A 'status' element as child of the 'response' element indicates the status of
the message execution for the identified resource as a whole [1]. Some
method definitions provide information about specific status codes clients
should be prepared to see in a response. However, clients MUST be able to handle
other status codes, using the generic rules defined in RFC2616 Section 10
[http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2616#section-10].

2. For PROPFIND and PROPPATCH, the format has been extended using the 'propstat'
element instead of 'status', providing information about individual properties
of a resource. This format is specific to PROPFIND and PROPPATCH, and is
described in detail in RFC4918 Section 9.1
[http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4918#section-9.1] and RFC4918 Section 9.2
[http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4918#section-9.2].


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 * Reference 1: Example - DELETE RFC4918 Section 9.6.2
   [http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4918#section-9.6.2]
 * Source: RFC4918 Section 13 
   [http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4918#section-13]
